.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Gordon D. Carrie. All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 
.\"     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\" "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
.\" LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
.\" A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
.\" HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
.\" TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
.\" PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
.\" NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" 
.\" Please address questions and feedback to dev0@trekix.net
.\"
.\" $Revision: 1.6 $ $Date: 2009/10/07 17:06:48 $
.\"
.TH tm_calc 1 "time functions"
.SH NAME
Tm_CalToJul, Tm_JulToCal \- basic time conversions.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tm_calc_lib.h>\fP
\fBdouble Tm_CalToJul\fP(\fBint\fP \fIyear\fP, \fBint\fP \fImonth\fP, \fBint\fP \fIday\fP,
	\fBint\fP \fIhour\fP, \fBint\fP \fIminute\fP, \fBdouble\fP \fIsecond\fP);
\fBint Tm_JulToCal\fP(\fBdouble\fP \fIjulian_day\fP, \fBint *\fP \fIyear\fP, \fBint *\fP \fImonth\fP, \fBint *\fP \fIday\fP,
	\fBint *\fP \fIhour\fP, \fBint *\fP \fIminute\fP, \fBdouble *\fP \fIsecond\fP);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
These functions convert back and forth between calendar/clock\ time representations
and Julian days.

\fBTm_CalToJul\fP returns the Julian day corresponding to \fIyear\fP \fImonth\fP
\fIday\fP \fIhour\fP \fIminute\fP \fIsecond\fP.

\fBTm_JulToCal\fP puts the calendar/clock\ time values for Julian time
\fIjulian_day\fP into \fIyear\fP \fImonth\fP \fIday\fP \fIhour\fP \fIminute\fP
\fIsecond\fP.  If successful, it returns true.  If something goes wrong,
it makes an error message that can be retrieved with \fBErr_Get\fP and returns
false.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
tm_calc (1), err_msg (3)
.SH KEYWORDS
time
.SH AUTHOR
Gordon Carrie (dev0@trekix.net)
